Pallet Town : A fairly new and quiet town. It's a small and pretty place.
Viridian City : A beautiful city that is enveloped in green year-round.
Pewter City : A quiet city nestled between rugged mountains and rocks.
Cerulean City : A beautiful city with flowing water and blooming flowers.
Vermilion City : A southern city that is bathed in orange by the setting sun.
Lavender Town : A small town covered in a beautiful hue of purple.
Celadon City : A rich, rainbow colored city where people and Pokémon gather.
Fuchsia City : A historic village that has become new.
Saffron City : The biggest city in Kanto, shining with a golden light.
Cinnabar Island : A town used to be here until it was swept away by an eruption.
A.J.'s Gym : An unofficial Gym run by A.J.
Acapulco : Acapulco is a city on the Island of the Giant Pokémon that is part of Porta Vista. It is a popular resort with beaches and the location of the Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest.
Bill's Lighthouse : Bill's Lighthouse is located somewhere near Cerulean City.
Cameran Palace : Cameran Palace is located in the center of Rota.
Camomile Island : It is an island located in the Kanto region.
Camp Pokéhearst : It is a camp located east of Hollywood.
Cerise Laboratory : A research center in Vermilion City directed by Professor Cerise.
Chrysanthemum Island : A popular tourist destination in Kanto featuring a beach and a Contest Hall.
Commerce City : It is a large city with a park and is located somewhere in Kanto.
Dark City : A town located between the Safari Zone and Cinnabar Island.
Dragonite Island : An island located somewhere off the coast of Kanto. It is inhabited solely by Dratini line members, and is surrounded by constant storms created by the local Dragonair, hiding it from the outside world.
Eevee Evolution Laboratory : A facility in Vermilion City that focuses on researching Eevee and its evolutions.
Evolution Mountain : A mountain located between the Safari Zone and Cinnabar Island. Stone Town lies at its base.
Fennel Valley : It is a valley where a very luxurious Pokémon Center is located. The Pokémon Center has a fitness studio, hot springs, battlefields, and even a Contest Hall. It is one of the locations where the Battle Pyramid lands to accept challengers.
Fighting Spirit Gym : A Gym used for training and exercising, run by Anthony.
Gaiva Dam : The dam was once being constructed near Fuchsia City. The workers abandoned the dam to protect the surrounding habitat. The dam was eventually destroyed by Team Rocket.
Gardenia Town : The town has a Contest Hall and is located in Kanto.
Grampa Canyon : A canyon located outside of Neon Town.
Gringey City : A once-thriving city that over-expanded with its factories. As a result, the city has become polluted and practically abandoned. It is located between Celadon City and Fuchsia City.
Hidden Village : Hidden Village is located between Cerulean City and Vermilion City. Run by Melanie, the village is a place for Pokémon who have been abandoned by their Trainers. She takes care of them until they're ready to return to the wild.
Hollywood : Hollywood is located in western Kanto. It is based on the real-world city Hollywood.
HopHopHop Town : HopHopHop Town is an urban settlement located on the outskirts of Celadon City.
House of Imite : The House of Imite is located between the Safari Zone and Cinnabar Island. Home to Duplica and her Ditto, the House of Imite is also where Duplica and her Ditto perform shows for audiences.
Indigo Plateau : You arrived at the capital for the Pokémon League in the Kanto region, Indigo plateau.
Kaz Gym : An unofficial Gym in Dark City, run by Kaz.
Leaf Forest : This forest has an unusual power that can suddenly cause Grass-type Pokémon to evolve.
Maiden's Peak : Maiden's Peak is a town located near Saffron City. The town is known for its haunting legend and its festival which is held at the end of every summer.
Matcha City : Matcha City is the location of Dr. Akihabara's laboratory.
Metallica Island : It is an island located near the Seafoam Islands
Mirage Mansion : A lakeside castle owned by Dr. Yung. It was mostly destroyed by a fire.
Mt. Moon : (Japanese: お月見山 Mt. Otsukimi) Mt. Moon is a mountain located in northern Kanto, between Pewter City in the west and Cerulean City in the east.
Mt. Cinnabar / Cinnabar Volcano : Can be found using Route 21.
Mossgreen Village : It is a small town located between the Safari Zone and Cinnabar Island.
Mulberry City : Mulberry City is located in the Kanto region and has a Contest Hall.
Neon Town : It is a vibrant town located between the Safari Zone and Cinnabar Island.
New Island : New Island is the setting of the first movie. It was once the location of Team Rocket secret laboratory. Later in the movie, Mewtwotakes over the island and creates a fortress after the destruction of the laboratory. After leaving the island, Mewtwo returns the island to its natural state.
O-Hina Town : A town where the Queen of the Princess Festival contest is held.
Old Shore Wharf : Old Shore Wharf is a docking place. It is where Mewtwo invited Trainers to go to, in order to reach New Island. Miranda works here.
Pokélantis : Pokélantis is a lost empire in the proximity of Pewter City. In present day, all that remained of the once thriving city was the tomb of the king who once ruled it. Brandon decided to investigate which ultimately led to the discovery of the tomb, which is baited with many traps.
Pokémon Ninja School : A school located close to Fuchsia City were jujutsu is taught.
Pokémon Tech : It serves as a school for those who do not wish to travel to collect the eight Gym Badges. It is also known as Pokémon Technical and is located in between Cerulean City and Vermilion City.
Pokémon Theme Park : A large playground where Trainers can leave their Pokémon.
Pokémopolis : Pokémopolis is an ancient civilization in close proximity to Pallet Town. It made its only anime appearance in The Ancient Puzzle of Pokémopolis.
Potpourri Island : It is an island famous for its fruits. It is where the Pokémon Orienteering is held.
Rifure Village : It is a tiny establishment located near Cerulean City.
Rota : A medieval themed city where Cameran Palace is located.
Sable City : Sable City is located near Pewter City.
Safari Land : A Pokémon reserve located between Fuchsia City and the Safari Zone where lots of Pokémon live in peace. Located in Safari Land is the Laramie Big P Ranch, owned by the Laramie family, and Laramie Village.
Sayda Island : It is a heavily forested island home to the Sayda Lab.
Sayda Lab : It is a Fossil Pokémon research facility on Sayda Island headed by Dora.
Scissor Street : It is home to many salons for improving a Pokémon's appearance and strength.
Seafoam Island : A tropical holiday close to Pallet Town resort located near the ocean, also known as Binnes (ビンヌ) 
Silver Town : A town located between Saffron City and Lavender Town featuring a Contest Hall.
Silver Cave /Mt. Silver: Mt. Silver (Japanese: シロガネ山 Mt. Shirogane) is a large mountain in Johto located west of Victory Road and Indigo Plateau.
Stone Town : Stone Town is a tiny establishment located between the Safari Zone and Cinnabar Island.
Team Rocket Academy : The academy where people train to become members of Team Rocket. Jessie, James, Meowth, Cassidy, Butch, and Christopher trained here.
Terracotta Town : A seaside town established on steep cliffs. It has a harbor, with ships regularly docking to and from distant regions as far as Hoenn. The town is famous for hosting Pokémon Contests not sanctioned by the Pokémon Activities Committee.
Tree of Beginning : It is a gigantic living organism made up of crystals. It is north of Pewter City and Mt. Moon. 4
Unnamed island : It is an unmapped island home to a wild group of Squirtle and its evolutions, located close to Cinnabar Island.
Vermilion City school : A school in Vermilion City. Goh and Chloe attend this school.
Vermilion Forest : A forest located outside Vermilion City. It is the home to a large number of Bug Pokémon.
Xanadu Nursery : It is a large greenhouse located near Pallet Town.
Yas Gym : An unofficial Gym in Dark City, run by Yas.
Route 1: The Route north of Pallet Town's Lab. Route 1 is a route surrounded by trees on all sides and leads to Viridian City. There are several ledges blocking the path at different parts of the route, and a trainer has to travel the route in an 'S' pattern. Various patches of grass can be found; with three of them at the entrance of the route.
Route 2 : It connects Viridian City to Pewter City and passes through the Viridian Forest.
Route 3 : It connects Pewter City to Mt. Moon. It is in a zigzag shape and there are many ledges to hop. Open grass areas are located at the near-end of the route, towards the entrance of Route 4.
Route 4 : The Route is a short path that connects Cerulean City to the eastern exit of Mt. Moon.
Route 5 : The Route connects Cerulean City in the north to Saffron City in the south.
Route 6 : The Route connects Saffron City in the north to Vermilion City in the south.
Route 7 : The Route connects Saffron City to Caledon city. There is land and grass on both sides of this route. 
Route 8 : The Route that connects Lavender Town in the East to Saffron City in the West. To the west, there is an entrance to the underground tunnels. In the middle, there is a small "Garden".
Route 9 : The Route with Route 10 located to the east and Cerulean City to the west.
Route 10 : North of Lavender Town, You hear the sonic rip of military jets, like a giant trowel being dragged through wet concrete, but can see only blue above, a raw and saturated blue that seemed cut from an inner wedge of sky.
Route 11 : The Route that is east of Vermilion City and west of Route 12. It contains Diglett's Cave. 
Route 12 : The Route lengthy north-south route in east Kanto. This route is also known as the Silence Bridge (サイレンズブリッジ) between its southern terminus at Route 13 and the lookout station just south of Lavender Town, its northern terminus.
Route 13 : This is a route located in southeastern Kanto. There is a maze full of trainers here.
Route 14 : This route is on the far Southeast side of the Kanto region.
Route 15 : This route has a beautiful lake to the south of the route.
Route 16 : The Route is a short route that is off of the bike route (Route 17) and west of Celadon City.
Route 17 : The Route after Route 16 and before Fuchsia City. The Route after Fuchsia City and before Saffron City.
Route 18 : The Route is a route located in central Kanto, and connects Route 17 and Fuchsia City.
Route 19 : The Route before the Fuschia City (also known as the water puddle) you can hear the sounds from The Fushcia City Basin from here. The powerful clicks, like punches to the chest, of Wailmer hunting below, and nearing the Seafoam islands, granite spires rose sudden from the sea, white up top from bird guano and orange below from great gatherings of staryu.
Route 20 : The route is an east-west route located in South-Southwest Kanto. The Seafoam Islands are located near the center of the route.
Route 21 : After Saffron City and before Mt. Cinnabar / Cinnabar Volcano.It is a sea route which requires the move Surf to cross. It leads from Pallet Town to Cinnabar Island.
Route 22 : is a route located within the Kanto region. When coming from Viridian City, the path goes around a wall of trees leading to a patch of grass. Heading north then west leads you to a ledge downwards to another patch of grass or you can alternatively surf through the pond to avoid it. Going north-west will lead to the Pokémon League Reception Gate while going south-east down the ledge will lead back to Viridian City.
Victory Road : The Route after Route 22 and before Indigo Plateau.
Route 23 : is a North/South route in the Kanto region.
Route 24 : is a route in north-eastern Kanto, with Route 25 to the north, and Cerulean City to the south.
Route 25 : Is connected to route 24 and leads to Bill's LightHouse.
Route 26 : This Route continues east on a bridge over a body of water just before the player is about to go north. When there is land, there are patches of grass manning wild Pokémon.
Route 26 : is a route that connects Kanto to Johto. To the east is Route 26.
Route 27 : The Captain’s wife played the harp; she had very long arms, silver as eels on those nights, and armpits as dark and mysterious as sea urchins; and the sound of the harp was sweet and piercing, so sweet and piercing it was almost unbearable, and we were forced to let out long cries, not so much to accompany the music as to protect our hearing from it
Rainbow Scale : At the bottom of the lake, you can see a glowing fish.
Ho-oh Feather : In the middle of the clearing is a huge tree. One of your pokemon tell you theres something glowing at the top
Dragon Fang : You almost trip on a surprisingly sharp rock. It seems to be embedded into the earth, even your pokemon can't lift it  
Dragon Scale : Your pokemon finds what looks like an emerald.
Electirizer : A lightweight portable battery lays on the table next to a voltorb shrine.
Helix Fossil : Your pokemon sees a strange sea shell. A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a seashell. 
Rock Tunnel : You are forcing your way through a very tight crawl space. You can hear pokemon digging.
Iceroot Carrot : Produce that the King of Bountiful Harvests’ beloved steed likes to eat. It grows in fields covered in snow, like this one.
Kings Rock : You see a heavy rock that locks kinda like a rusty crown!
Tree Stump Of Ending: And as the ax bit into the wood, be comforted in the fact that the ache in your heart and the confusion in your soul means that you are still alive, still human, and still open to the beauty of the world, even though you have done nothing to deserve it.
Officer Jenny : Always very busy, Officer Jenny flys by you on her motorcyle 
Iron-Masked Marauder: A man in a mask steals your wallet. You realize it is the Iron-Masked Marauder, an Elite Officer of Team Rocket.
Pokémon hunter : 
Old woodsman: Off in the distance you can hear the chopping of wood. Must be an Old woodsman (or woodswoman)
Band of Diglett thieves : A group dressed up like mole people are up ahead, the don't seem to see you, as they discuse their plans

